---
date: 2025-12-31
---

::post-title{:date="date"}
# Recap 2025
::

<br/>

Looking back at 2025. Here are some stuffs that I go involved in:

- **Join Integrity Inspired**. I started a new job as a consultant. Before this, I was looking to have either one of these three things: opportunity to talk directly with customer, experience working for big companies as I never had one before, and working in a team. With Integrity, I got all three plus I'm not directly involved in big company bureaucracy and I got to learn TDD.

- **Create CLI using Commander.js and Chalk.js and Puppeteer**. So, just to work on project/repo that our team own locally, we need 5-6 projects running, each with its own quirks. To automate all of that, I created a CLI, so I can just use a single command to run all projects and do customization. That saved a lot of time rather than manual work that our client recommended.

- **Play with Cypress and Playwright**. I have been wanting to get some experience in this. I have the opportunity this year and they are awesome. Cypress has a quirk, but simpler. Playwright is powerful but more complicated.

- **KCDC**. This year is my first time in KCDC. And since it is my first time, I had to go round the big convention center to find entrance to the building. I made some new friends and learned a lot of stuffs. One new friend is a Turkish that came all the way from Japan. I also met a former coworker from DCI in Hutchinson, KS.

- **Hack Midwest**. 4 of us decided to participate in Hack Midwest this year and we build online carnival backed by Stablecoin. There are some crazy stuffs going in the event, but we had fun. And we won Best Design.

- **Miro recap**. We have been using Miro. And Miro made a nice recap page. Most of us are in top 10% spending time in Miro, but I was the only within the top 5% which seems to jumpstart next year Miro competition within my team.

- **Talk at FaithTech**. I gave a talk on how to host very cheap website in the cloud. It can be better, but Patrick, a friend of mine, gave me his full support. Even my wife came. A new friend, George, said he finally see that cloud is real. Another friend told me, I'm probably the most frugal guy he knows. Lots of fun.

- **T-shirt design**. Integrity is going to make a new T-shirt and asking if any of us want to submit a design. I wish there are more participant, but I submit a dictionary-entry like design and my boss used part of it as the new T-shirt.

- **Read pragmatic programmer**. After a long time, I finally read and finish programatic programmer. I learned a ton, especially how to handle ridiculous deadline, how to make code easily changed and managed, and how to negotiate and set priorities.

- **Patrick's AI talk in .NET User Group**. Patrick just joined a new company and gave a talk on end-to-end development using AI. It was amazing, he managed to get a project 40% done in a weekend.


- **Phil's AI talk in Next5**. Another great AI talk from my boss in Next5. I always love the clarity and honesty that Phil shows in his talk. Rather than succumb to hype, we are encouraged to start exploring AI and see for ourselves on what this new tool can do.

